welcome to ringside collectibles figure
insider if you're a big fan of NXT like
I am you absolutely love this first time
in the liner it's Mattel's WWE series 53
Tyler breeze
Taleb raises here finally it's his first
time in line and if you know Tyler
breeze then you know he's probably being
very cocky about it but hey he's got a
cool new figure and you should probably
have it too you can see his head scan is
insanely accurate and of course he has
his hair which goes back into a ponytail
just like it does in real life moving
down you could see that his wrists and
arms are tapes very differently one
purple and ones black and ironically
that's exactly what he does when you see
him in the ring moving down he's got on
a signature purple pants with a white
belt and these zigzags let go down both
sides and of course let's not forget
those boot covers and there's a knock
kick pad so it'll correct me there for
covers they're white and frilly and
straight out of 1970 I have no idea why
he wears them they look ridiculous but
they wore for him I watch this new music
video recently and it's well let's just
say Zack Ryder did it better
Tyler breeze first time the line I
suggest you pick it up because this is
something that you're gonna need to make
your collection look a lot better pick
up Tyler breeze and the rest of Mattel's
w e series 53 from ringside collectibles
wrestling figures calm home of the
largest selection of wrestling figures
on the Internet
you